doc: Update EKS documentation to delete aws-node (#10461)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/k8s-install-remove-aws-node.rst

> Cilium will manage ENIs instead of VPC CNI, so it the ``aws-node`` DaemonSet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cilium will manage ENIs instead of VPC CNI, so the ``aws-node`` DaemonSet
```

Author: Oh, of course! Well spotted :)

> has to be delete to prevent conflict behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cilium will manage ENIs instead of VPC CNI, so the ``aws-node`` DaemonSet
has to be deleted to prevent conflict behaviour.
```

Author: Thanks!
